The main problem as far as decision trees and random for us classifiers our concern that we don't know
the optimal parameters such as the number of estimators.
So how many decision trees to use was going to be the maximum depth of the decision trees was going
to be the means and police and so on.
So that's why we are able to find the optimal parameters.
This is called paramita or tuning we the that grid search.
So if we import grid search cross-validation and random for as classifier we are able to find the optimal
paramita.
So in this lecture we are going to talk about D.G. classification.
So that's why we are able to load the digits dataset with the help of data sets data loaded digits as
you can see we have to import data sets from seeking to learn.
OK we have that image features and in each target.
If you take a look at documentation this low digits function is going to return the whole data set as
far as handwritten digit is concerned.
So there are 10 old boot classes of course 0 1 2 3 up to nine samples per class is approximately a hundred
and eighty.
So the total samples is approximately one thousand eight hundred.
OK the dimension is 64 because we are dealing with age by 8 pixels images.
So the width of the image is 8 pixels and the hate of the image is eight pixels as well.
So that's why eight by eight is close to 64 so we will have 64 features.
And of course we have the target Barrayar but we had a number of classes is equal to 10.
OK so this is the problem we would like to solve with the help of random for us classifier.
The accuracy of the algorithm as you can see is not as good as wayed support vector machines because
support vector machines are quite powerful as far as the classification or correcter classification
are concerned.
So we are going to use a random forecast classifier.
We have to said the number of jobs would be minus 1.
What does it mean if we take a look at the documentation we can search for the number of jobs.
OK so the number of jobs to run in parallel for both state and predict if minus 1 then the number of
jobs is set to the number of processor cores.
So we would like to make the random forest classification algorithm parallel.
So that's why we have to set it to mine a swarm.
Then we are going to split the data set into a training data set and test data set and then we have
the parameters we would like to optimize.
We don't know the optimal number of estimators we don't know what the optimal that's of the decision
tree.
So that's why we defined the values and with the help of research cross-validation we are able to find
the optimal meters.
So as you can see here that the optimal number of estimators is 500.
The optimal that of the decision trees is 15 and the optimal means samples live.
The value is 1.
OK so we are able to find it with the half off grid search.
Cross-validation we just have to define the estimator.
It is the random forest model we have instantiated here we have the param greed the param agreed.
We have defined here and the falls is tan.
OK we feed the model.
And this is how we can print out the best Peramivir as we get the best barometers and we instantiate
the best model as a random forecast classifier with the optimal telomeres.
Okay and here we are able to use model selection cross-validation in order to get the accuracy of the
best model which is 93 percent.
It is not as good as support vector machines but it doesn't matter.
It is just an example of how to tune hyper parameters for random for as classifier because as far as
within that classification is concerned.
DB Now real networks can outperform both support vector machines and random for us classifiers.
OK.
So this is how we can find the optimal Peramivir as for random for classifier.
Thanks for watching.